Layout for snake game

Main Menu:
    Buttons:
      New game
      Options
      Credits
      Quit  //May need to be removed since it may accomplish nothing.

New game:

    Leads to the game...

Options Screen:
    Difficulty: 3 options :: Easy Medium Hard
    Snakeskin: Button implementation to be determined(at least 3)
    Background: Defaults (3?) Plus User defined skin if User logged in and
                they have uploaded one.
    //Other options may be added but above is minimum
    Tutorial screen (Just text explaining stuff) toggle

Credits Screen:
    Static text or scrolling text. Lists dependences/references as well as
    our names.

Game:

  Objects: Snake,

  Parent Objects: foods, mobs(moving objects), Static Objects

  Easy Setting: SRS 4.2.4 -a
  Medium Setting: 4.2.4-b
  Hard Setting: 4.2.4-c

  Core functionality features:

  Score: Player gains points by eating food or...

  controls
  {
    w = "move up"
    s = "move down"
    a = "move left"
    d = "move right"

    p = "pause game" (Brings up Quit to main menu option or resume)
  }

  All entities will path around static obstacles.

  Prey/Food Concepts
  * Regular food (Snake grows by 1 and gains 1 point)
    {All game modes}
    Sprite - Mouse
    Behavior - Idle animation while staying in one place. Slow and infrequent
               random movement in a random direction. If possible, it will
               flee when the snake approaches (Non-essential feature).

  * Insta-Kill food (Snake dies, resulting in a game over, looks sorta like
    normal food) {implemented in Hard Setting}
    Sprite - Poison Mouse
    Behavior -  Idle animation while staying in one place. Slow and infrequent
               random movement in a random direction. If possible,
               it will flee when the snake approaches (Non-essential feature).
              EXCEPT IT KILLS THE SNAKE IF EATEN AND IT'S GAME OVER

  * length-shortening food (snake looses length by 2 nodes)
    {implemented in Medium & Hard settings}
    Sprite - Bird
    Behavior - Will enter the area via flight with its shadow viable on the
               ground. It will slowly come in for a landing and rest on the
               ground for a short period of time. It will flap its wings to
               signal its preparation for flight.

  *Super food (Snake grows by 1 and gains 5 points)
  {In Medium(rare) and Hard}
  Sprite - Cow
  Behavior - Will Navigate towards some random placed grass to feed. Once it's
             done, it will path find its way off screen.

  *Super Rare food (Snake doesn't grow and gains 10 points)
  {In Hard setting (rare)}
  Sprite - Ruby
  Behavior - Stays in the same place it's populated, and sparkles

  -Randomly populates in game window after snake's head makes contact (eats)
  -Static, they do not move, they do not expire on their own.

  Mobs

  *Mongoose
  Behavior - It will actively hunt the snakes head to eat it. If it gets the head
             the snake gets a game over, but if the snake causes the Mongoose
             to run into its body, the Mongoose will get "knocked out" and play
             its death animation.

  *Big Bird
  Behavior - Same as bird but will try to land around snake. If the snake
             runs into it, they get a game over.

  *Bomb Turtle - Re-skin of the cow with slight AI tweaks.
  Behavior - It will slowly walk towards an obstacle that is randomly chosen.
             If the snake runs into it, it'll explode and the player will get
             a game over. The explosion of the bomb Turtle should cover a small
             area around it. Say if the playing field is implemented as a square
             grid, the explosion will cover an 3x3 grid with the turtle in the
             middle. Feature can be scraped if it breaks something.

   obstacle must not
   - Not spawn in the same place repeatedly between games
   - Must not spawn in such a way that the snake can not navigate around/through
     them
   - Must not spawn on top of food or mobs, and vice versa.
